added clarifications for API key + high avail (#4033)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/cloud/get-started/namespaces.mdx

:::

See the documentation for [API keys](/cloud/api-keys) and [mTLS certificates](/cloud/certificates) for more information on how to create and manage your credentials.

Authentication methods require specific endpoints in order to programmatically access your Namespace.
There are two types of gRPC endpoints for accessing a Namespace in Temporal Cloud: a namespace endpoint (`<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233`) and a regional endpoint (`<region>.<cloud_provider>.api.temporal.io:7233`).
Which one to use depends on your authentication method and whether your Namespace has [High Availability features](/cloud/high-availability) enabled, as shown in the table below.

|                        | Not High Availability | High Availability                                                                |
|------------------------|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| mTLS Authentication    | Namespace             | Namespace                                                                        |

> | API Key Authentication | Regional              | Both work, but Namespace is recommended because it allows for automated failover |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| API Key Authentication | Regional             | Both work, but Namespace is recommended because it reduces the unavailability window during a failover event |
```
